Read Rate Limits (#446)
stravalib/stravalib: docs/get-started/overview.rst

   # 22530.8
   print(float(unithelper.miles(activity.distance)))
   # 13.9999900581

Rate Limits
===========

> Strava imposes rate limits on the usage of its API. This means that the number of

Reviewer: THANK YOU for updating the docs!!
i'm trying to wrap my head around this
Strava says this - https://developers.strava.com/docs/rate-limits/ : 

Strava API usage is limited on a per-application basis using both a 15-minute and daily request limit. The default rate limit allows 100 requests every 15 minutes, with up to 1,000 requests per day. As an application grows, its rate limit may need to be [adjusted](https://developers.strava.com/docs/rate-limits/#adjustment).

is your language that it's not fixed related to a large use app may be provided with more bandwidth / a higher rate limit? If so can we use that language or link to the docs for more specifics? i'll make a suggestion if you think it's reasonable

> requests sent to Strava has an upper limit per 15 minutes and per day. These limits
> are not fixed but depend on the client app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests sent to Strava has an upper limit per 15 minutes and per day. Per strava's documentation: 

> The default rate limit allows 100 requests every 15 minutes, with up to 1,000 requests per day.

These limits
are not fixed but depend on the "size" of client app. Strava _may_ chose to adjust rate limits for apps as they grow.
```

Reviewer: @jsamoocha i'm playing with this locally and am really confused by the rate limits. i'll add a comment at the end of this review as i may just not understand how this works. I also have a paid account AND my developer app is fairly old so i'm not sure how new rate limits compare to older ones.

Author: The 600/15min and 30k/day limits are not the case anymore (although some Strava doc still mentions it). Although "legacy" apps (probably the one you use for testing) still have these default limits. You can check your app's limits through the settings page (https://www.strava.com/settings/api, which isn't available in Strava's mobile app). I'll update the documentation to mention this.

> When initializing a Client instance, the default rate limiter allows requests until

Author: Handling the daily limit is not different from handling the 15min limit.

> When initializing a Client instance, the default rate limiter allows requests until
> the short - or daily limits are reached, after which it will wait until the end of
> the 15-minute or day period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When initializing a `stravalib.Client` instance, the default rate limiter allows requests until
the short - or daily limits are reached. Once limits are reached. the client object will wait until the end of
the 15-minute or day period.
```

In case you want to configure the limiter to throttle requests (i.e., making sure
the time between requests for the remaining period is evenly spread), you can
initialize the client object as::

> 
>     client = stravalib.Client(
>         my_access_token, rate_limiter=DefaultRateLimiter(priority='medium')
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from stravalib.util.limiter import DefaultRateLimiter
    client = stravalib.Client(
        my_access_token, rate_limiter=DefaultRateLimiter(priority='medium')
    )
```

Reviewer: when i ran this i copied your code and then realized i needed to import the `DefaultRateLimiter` object.

The ``medium`` priority ensures that requests are throttled to comply with the

> 15-minute limit, while the ``low`` priority complies with the daily limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15-minute limit, while the ``low`` priority complies with the daily limit.

When you hit a rate limit threshold, a message will be returned as follows

> Short term API rate limit exceeded

the error throw will be 

```
429 Client Error: Too Many Requests [Rate Limit Exceeded: [{'resource': 'Application', 'field': 'overall rate limit', 'code': 'exceeded'}]]
```

The limiter will then pause and allow more requests to be implemented once the threshold is below the required value.

Reviewer: i'm not sure if this is quite right but just tyring to help the user understand what happens when those limits are applied. i generally understand how this works now!

> The ``medium`` priority ensures that requests are throttled to comply with the
> 15-minute limit, while the ``low`` priority complies with the daily limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three options for throttling with stravalib - ``low``, ``medium`` and ``high``.  

The ``low`` priority complies with the daily limit. The ``medium`` priority ensures that requests are throttled to comply with the
15-minute limit.
```

Reviewer: take or leave my doc comments :) this can be merged once those are cleared up! i'm done reviewing now :)
